1. I found the test relatively easy
2. The cat will often stalk its prey for hours
3. To protect domestic industry from foreign predators
4. Those prejudices are particularly prevalent among people living in the North
5. A comprehensive study
6. Those beliefs still prevail among certain groups
7. I have this really bad habit of grazing on junk food
8. There is no service charge and tipping is at your discretion 
9. You are bound by the contract to pay before the end of the month
10. She closed her eyes and inhaled deeply
11. He simply could not comprehend that she could be guilty 
12. It’s a great compliment to be asked to do the job
13. We must stop him from seeing her somehow
14. Optical effect
15. A relentless enemy
16. A stunt pilot
17. The social hierarchy 
18. The teacher drew an analogy between the human heart and a pump
19. The low-paid spend a disproportionately amount of their earnings on food 
20. The material can be copied without infringing copyright 
21. I was somewhat surprised to see him
22. A major concession
23. I don’t see the relevance of your question
24. A thorough knowledge of the subject
25. Eight kilometers is roughly equivalent to  five miles
26. A massive influx of visitors
27. Something hit her and sent her sprawling to the ground
28. The outbreak of a flu epidemic 
29. I unraveled the string and wound it into a ball
30. He was charged with possessing a shotgun without a license 
31. Compulsory education 
32. To face a dilemma
33. A stagnant economy
34. For years she was haunted by the guilt