1. We decorated the house on a tight budget
2. Crude jokes
3. It would be hazardous to invest so much
4. She is very bitter about losing her job
5. Intimate friends
6. The most intimate part of her body
7. An intimate knowledge
8. He has already intimated to us his intention to retire
9. Small shops have been a casualty of the recession     ˈkæʒuəlti
10. Particles of dust
11. A government initiative to combat unemployment
12. Razor blades
13. They had been badly bruised by the defeat
14. The floods caused havoc throughout the area
15. Legislation enacted by parliament
16. Scenes from history enacted by local residents
17. The spring semester
18. Mr.Trump said Us Japan trade ties should be fair and reciprocal
19. Two brothers and a sister would equal three siblings
20. The actors were still in costume and make-up
21. She furnished him with the facts surrounding the case.
22. the intrinsic value of education
23. Everything was planned in fastidious detail.
24. Can anyone get out of the basement? What about ventilation? How is ventilation?
25. I find it absolutely astonishing that you didn't like it.
26. I'm here if you need a sympathetic ear
27. disease resulting from poor sanitation
28. A very high temperature often denotes a serious illness
29. Driver fatigue was to blame for the accident
30. What frustrates him is that there's too little money to spend on the project
31. The car bumped against the  kerb
32. a device in a wall that you put a plug into in order to connect electrical equipment to the power supply of a building （电源）插座 outlet