1. a book written for professionals and laymen alike
2. The high price of the service could deter people from seeking advice
3. They are semi-finalists for the fourth year in succession
4. a politician who embodied the hopes of black youth
5. The only plausible explanation is that he forgot
6. Today JD has over three hundred and thirty five warehouses in China
7. She estimated the breadth of the lake to be 500 metres
8. She showed great perception in her assessment of the family situation
9. What is the reason for the game's enduring appeal
10. a passionate interest in music
11. He has a reputation for being togh and uncompromising
12. The economy is in deep recession
13. the redemption of the world from sin
14. The cat refused to be enticed from its hole
15. her political zeal
16. This particular model has a further refinement
17. pocelain pottery
18. incongruously dressed
19. She was always receptive to new ideas
20. With technological changes many traditional skills have become obsolete
21. He breathed deeply before speaking again
22. the advent of new technology
23. During adolescence, teenagers go through great physical changes
24. a few hours beforehand
25. Please state your name, age and occupation below
26. a fascist regime
27. I deeply resented her criticism
28. The kangaroo is indigenous to Australia
29. Admittedly, it is rather expensivre but you don't need to use much
30. She was very indigant at the way she had been treated
31. The bullet embeded itself in the wall
32. His comments have alienated a lot of young voter
33. pedestrian area
34. What an adorable child
35. She appealed to the judge for leniency
36. Firefighters needed breathing apparatus to enter the burning house
37. He never deviated from his original plan
38. crops sprayed with pesticide
39. a bleak winter's day
40. I have an allergy to animal hair
41. Her latest book makes compelling reading
42. a state banquet in honour of the visiting President
43. The statement was carefully scrutinized before publication
44. the present incumbent of the White House is Biden
45. I'm not very maternal
46. the enemy onslaught on our military forces
47. The discussion quickly deteriorated into an angry argument
48. an eloquent speaker
49. A mood of melancholy descended on us
50. Please make every endeavour to arrive on time
51. He didn't show his wife any affection
52. a negligible amount
53. The riots are a clear manifestation of the people's discontent
54. 
