1. She put some potatoes on to boil
2. We need to buy some new furniture
3. So the terrain over there was very muddy
4. Agriculture forms the backbone of the rural economy
5. pliable = flexible
6. The job entails a lot of hard work
7. The conference was hailed as a great success
8. to hail a taxi
9. a temperature gauge
10. a humour that is peculiar to American sitcoms
11. All employees have to wear name badges
12. a range of furnishings and accessories for the home
13. The policy will be detrimental to the peace
14. narrative fiction
15. Their efforts to revive him were futile
16. The baby could not be pacify
17. to adopt a resolution
18. Steps have been taken to ameliorate the situation
19. human anatomy
20. a meagre diet of bread and water
21. tertiary education
22. The bomb devastated much of the old part of the city
23. Share prices plummeted to an all-time low
24. I thought the play was only mediocre
25. The balloon will burst if you blow it up any more
26. The doctor told me to eat less red meat and dairy
27. The event had been planned with painstaking attention to detail
28. Regular athletes are no strangers to tough and intense training regimens
29. We did not realize the magnitude of the problem
30. a sensitive and caring man
31. He's got a real knack for making money
32. The food at the hotel was barely edible
33. medieval architecture
34. a sluggish economy
35. It's well worth making a detour to see the village
36. corporate corporation
37. The two groups agree to cooperate with each other
38. They appointed a new manager to coordinate the work of the team
