# Wordlist0613
1. She managed to maintain a facade of indifference
2. Do you catch my drift?
3. utilitarianism & hedonism
4. She closely resemble her sister
5. Servants are now almost extinct in modern society
6. tax-exempt donations to charity
7. the sound of shattering glass
8. She was hot and sweat dripped into her eyes
9. Black coffee leaves a bitter taste in the mouth
10. The guy at the mall kiosk loves me
11. negotiations for a durable peace
12. He was the patron of many artists
13. a lethal weapon
14. She rocked the baby to sleep in its cradle
15. The irrigation equipment is still there.
16. a car with high fuel consumption
17. We went for a walk along the beach at twillight
18. This system perpetuated itself for several centuries
19. I'll call the restaurant and make a reservation
20. She has dual nationality
21. a hectic life
22. 'Resounding success' and 'crying shame' are English collocations
23. a text full of plagiarism
24. He would never do anything to jeopardize his career
25. The fact should be presented in chronological order
26. an outspoken opponent of the leader
27. It's got all the cleaning equipment, brushes and detergent and so on
28. a systematic approach to solving the problem
29. Perhaps you are suffering from some other ailment.
30. The big cats aren't the only carnivores
31. We bought the house on a whim.
32. As a child, I went to a segregated school
33. We need a strong bilateral relationship with China
34. It's frustrating to have to wait so long
35. a pervasive smell of damp
36. the whole story sounds very far-fetched
37. She is about to embark on a diplomatic career
38. to fulfil your dream
39. But investors are warned off by the capricious way he  takes decisions
40. the demographic of podcast listeners
41. I felt we were off to greener pastures
42. the departure lounge
43. He never allowed his work to impinge on his private life
44. She looked at me with piercing blue eyes
45. 
