# Wordlist0610
1. a sustained attack
2. a fanatical supporter
3. perishable foods
4. the City of London's financial district
5. She was quiet explicit about why she had left
6. The area is a birdwatcher's paradise
7. He detected the fallacy of her argument
8. the forthcoing elections
9. The factory is due to be demolished next year
10. impoverished peasants usually live in ghetto
11. He kept his finger on the trigger
12. Winning this contract is crucial to the success of the company
13. Projects are assessed and benchmarked against these targets
14. People from diverse cultures
15. profit-oriented organizations
16. The equipment can be tricky to install
17. The story was used to emphasize the humanity of Jesus
18. All the students were asked to assemble in the main hall
19. The money was distributed among the schools in the area
20. a ban on the dumping of raw sewage at sea
21. He considers such a job beneath him
22. The rabbits are bred for their long coats
23. He  exploited his father's name to get himself a job
24. What is being done to stop employers from exploiting young people
25. I have no intention of going to the wedding
26. I don't think you realise the gravity of the situation
27. The knife had penetrated his chest
28. Contrary to popular belief, many cats dislike milk
29. deep emotional distress
30. I know it sounds trivial, but I'm worried about it
31. When does your driving licence expire?
32. The war diverted people's attention away from the economic situation
33. She went to drama school on a scholarship
34. Her presence during the crisis had a calming effect
35. The hospital is affiliated with the local university
36. The water is now full of microscopic organisms
37. The offence carries a mandatory life sentence
38. 
