1. We didn’t take any precautions and I got pregnant.|precaution|pregnant
2. I felt very extravagant spending £1000 on a dress.|extravagant
3. We have the expertise to help you run your business.
4. The hotel restaurant is noted for its excellent cuisine.
5. The elaborate decoration on the carved wooden door
6. It was an elite that believed its task was to enlighten the multitude
7. He shows great discrimination in his choice of friends
8. The rebellion was brutally suppressed 
9. He splashed his face with cold water!
10. A strange shapeless garment that has once been a jacket
11. We buy the building materials wholesale
12. His speech was a powerful spur to action
13. Communities on the island depended on whaling for their livelihood 
14. The union is in dispute with management over working hours
15. A complex and multifaceted problem
16. Her father is now 86 and in fragile health
17. I’m sorry for making such a fuss about the noise
18. They escaped through a breach in the wire fence
19. He was thrilled at the prospect of seeing them again
20. The high price is the main hindrance to potential buyers
21. Giving individuals greater autonomy in their own lives
22. The body’s metabolism is slowed down by extreme cold
23. She was absent for nine consecutive days
24. His reasoning is based on the premise that one plus one is two
25. New business thrive in this area
26. He had always been overshadowed by his elder sister 
27. Her eyes blazed with fury
28. The way she puts on that accent really irritates me.
29. She persevered with her violin lessons
30. He’s highly susceptible to flattery
31. He watched her face intently to catch every nuance of expression 
32. She was honest in her appraisal of her team’s chance
33. She tweaked his ear playfully
34. Thank you for your kind hospitality
35. His resignation precipitated a leadership crisis
36. A hilarious joke
37. We are asking people to boycott the goods from companies that use child labour
38. Keep your answers succinct as possible
39. Human nature is frail
40. I find it hard to work at home because there are too many distractions
41. The room was decorated in exquisite taste
42. He’s always meticulous in keeping the records up to date
43. Political turmoil
44. Medicine to relieve nasal congestion
45. A sale of miscellaneous household item
46. By and large, I enjoy my time at school
47. Genetic mutation
48. The erosion of her confidence
49. I’m a complete novice at skiing
50. I grudge having to pay so much tax
51. Children were evacuated from London to escape the bombing
52. an intimate knowledge of the Ethereum chain
53. an snipped information