1. Has the jury reached a verdict?
2. Wallpaper with a flower motif
3. on the northern fringe of the city 
4. Beneath his confident exterior, he was desperately nervous.
5. The next hurdle will be getting their parent's agreement
6. He has to mortgage his house to pay his legal cost.
7. The newspaper exaggerated the whole affair widely.
8. After five years in the job, he started to feel restless.
9. DVD can store prodigious amount of information.
10. The symptoms may be exacerbated by certain drugs.
11. Staff are suffering from low morale.
12. She was able to intentify her attackers.
13. The body undergoes many changes during puberty
14. I looked through a rack of clothes at the back of the shop.
15. The government has agreed to lift restrictions on press freedom.
16. Prices are exorbitantly high in this shop.
17. All translated words should be enclosed in brackets.
18. I'm afraid there's been a dreadful mistake.
19. The police have managed to retrieve the stolen money
20. To retrieve informat from the database
21. His clumsy fingers couldn't untie the knot.
22. The new tax laws should act as a stimulus to exports.
23. Politicians seem to be held in contempt by ordinary people.
24. action to mitigate poverty
25. You'll find life here pretty tame after New York.
26. She managed to stifle a yawn.
27. There is no hospital in the immediate vicinity
28. The largest contingent is from the US.
29. The music evoked memories of her youth
30. This book is dedicated to my parents.
31. He had a great zest for life.
32. You are too young to be contemplating retirement.
33. Ours is a secular society.
34. I don't like her and I think the feeling is mutual.
35. The room available is not adequate for our needs.
