1. All evening her husband contradicted everything she said.
2. The two teams have always been rivals.
3. To retain your independence
4. He was accused of being deliberately vague
5. The government is threatening to take drastic action.
6. She closed the eyes tightly in a vain attempt to hold back the tears.
7. The committee will need time to assimilate the report
8. The sunset was a stunning spectacle.
9. Dreams are open to interpretation.
10. I'd like to put a business proposition to you.
11. After a few preliminary remarks he announced the winners.
12. The two words are virtually interchangeable.
13. He eyed her vulgarly
14. dental practitional
15. The band will be playing at 20 different venues on their UK tour.
16. I cannot understand the mentality of football hooligans.
17. An aisle seat in a plane.
18. There are toilets at both front and rear of the plane.
19. The singer earns a colossal amount of money.
20. Intermittent burst of applause
21. The inheritance enabled him to indulge his passion for art.
22. She travels to all kinds of exotic locations all over the world.
23. This is the strictly orthodox view.
24. There's the proponent and opponent in an argument
25. I tried to simulate surprise at the news.
26. Working without a break makes you more prone to error.
27. The syllabus prescribed precisely which books should be studied.
28. His name leap out at me.
29. The shares leapt in value from 1700 to close at 17000.
30. She might have been killed if the neighbour hadn't intervened.
31. Europe's foreign policy is inextricably linked with that of the US.
32. She is filled with nostalgia for her own college days.
33. She had neither the time nor the inclination to help them.
34. To enroll in a course.
35. It is a principle that underlies all the party's policies.
36. a burgeon population.
37. He likes to speculate on the stock market.
38. Researchers are trying to correlate the two sets of figures.
39. The foreign ministers held talks with his Chinese counterpart.
40. a haunting melody
41. She's doing a terrific job.
42. We had to listen to the tedious details of his operation.