#Wordlist 0606
1. He beamed to the journalists
2. inquire = ask
3. The whole affair ended in tragedy
4. He was caught trying to flee the country
5. I'll meet you at the tram stop
6. In the end, the law was repealed
7. She was confined to bed with the flu
8. It is vital that you keep accurate record when you are self-employed
9. Strict discipline is imposed on the company recruits
10. You've  really intrigued me ------Tell me more!
11. Paul's father only saw him as a substitute for his dead brother.
12. The Beatles have never really lost their appeal
13. Counsel for the defence submitted that the evidence was inadmissible
14. These reforms are not merely cosmetic
15. What's all that sticky stuff on the carpet?
16. to reduce your daily intake of salt
17. vocational training
18. He collects modern sculpture
19. a bath towel
20. a debate on the morality of abortion
21. This was my big chance and I grabbed it with both hands
22. the psychology  of interpersonal relationships
23. a muddy track through the forest
24. Everyone's opinion is bound to be subjective
25. Tell me all the latest gossip
26. He's a beautiful cat,Can I stroke him?
27. Try to paraphrase the question before you answer it
28. We received over 300 enquiries about the job
29. The tree trunk was hollow inside
30. Parents are obliged by law to send their children to school
31. regarding = about
32. Then, for no apparent, the train suddenly stopped.
33. Developments on this issue will be dealt with in a subsequent report
34. a protest march
35. 
