1. I’m tired of your eternal argument
2. She is a pillar of strength in a crisis
3. This decision will impose serious constraints on all schools
4. The job advertisement stipulates that applicant must have three years’ experience
5.  It might be more prudent to get a second opionion before going ahead
6. Visual material aids the retention of information 
7. A gun battle which culminated in the death of two police officers 
8. His assessment of the situation was spot on 
9. Can we deduce from your silence that you do not approve?
10. She was auditioning for the role of Spider Man
11. Arbitrary parabolic line fits
12. She shows a natural aptitude for the work
13. We paid the car by instalments
14. Clothes with a distinctive style
15. The report assesses the impact of AIDS  on the gay community 
16. He’s pulled the company back from the brink
17. the New York metropolitan area
18. A synthesis of traditional and modern values
19. The television comes with a full two year warranty
20. The opposition leader has intensified his attack on the government 
21. He was too drunk to articulate properly
22. His experience abroad provides a wider prospective on the problem
23. The explosion startled the horse
24. A picture painted in exuberant reds and yellows
25. The proximity of the house to a prestigious school makes it popular 
26. The animals are kept in the most wretched conditions
27. Bungalow, a house built all on one level
28. They were accused of contaminating the mind of our young people
29. Sunday lunch with the in-laws has became something of a ritual
30. A prestigious university
31. The advertisements are all posted in a conspicuous place
32. The authority of the government was rapidly disintegrating
33. Follow the signposts to the supermarket 
34. The two companies consolidated for greater efficiency
35. The tension between them was almost tangible
36. Their findings have been widely disseminated
37. The Roman empire
38. The curtailment of civil liberties
39. He graduated with distinction
40. It was an unparalleled opportunity to develop her career
41. Black is in vogue again
42. He lay on the floor groaning
43. To have the power of veto 
44. The government is determined to tackle inflation
45. He won by a narrow margin
46. He needs to learn to curb his temper
47. 