
1. We worked on pronunciation, stress and intonation.
2. In conclusion, ... = it can be concluded that ... = To sum up ... = sth. leads to the conclusion that ... = Overall / In general
3. The country was sliding into a state of virtual civil war.
4. a High School diploma 
5. The diligent workers finished the project on time.
6. the 25-35 age band
7. The details of today's flights are displayed on the monitor
8. You can't lump all asian languages together
9. a striking feature
10. I decided to concentrate all my efforts on finding somewhere to live 
11. It's important to nurture a good working relationship
12. Glue the two pieces of cardboard together.
13. I'm not referring to 'small' people in the literal sense of the word.
14. She proposed that the book be banned.
15. It would be pointless to engage in hypothesis before we have the facts.
16. She was absolutely furious at having been deceived
17. It took him a while to accustom himself to the idea.
18. The term ethnic cleansing is fairly new.
19. I stripped and washed myself all over.
20. This panorama was captured by a rover named Curiosity.
21. to violate international law.
22. The airport is still paralysed by the strike.
23. The theatre faced closure unless it gets an urgent cash injection.
24. ferocious opposition to the plan.
25. The painting has too much redundant detail.
26. The company lost $7 million this quarter in contrast to a profit of $6.2 million a year earlier.
27. We strived against corruption
28. a political situation that hinders economic growth.
29. basic literacy skills.
30. We need to evaluate how well the policy is working.
31. He has acted in obedience to the law.
32. a strongly defined work ethic.
33. She's very modest about her success.
34. I'd like to come too, if you have objection.
35. Priceless antiques were destroyed in the fire.
36. Obesity can increase the risk of heart disease.
37. She had no tolerance for jokes of any kind.
38. The club's aim is to foster better relations within the community.
39. She is a young woman who enjoys flouting conventions.
40. Don't interfere in what doesn't concern you.
41. He's always mocking my French accent.
42. to submit a proposal
43. My previous boss will act as a reference for me.
44. He received devastating injuries in the accident.
45. When I told you to 'get lost' I didn't expect to be taken literally.
46. a study of social deviance and crime.
47. warm moist air.
48. Subsequent experiments failed to replicate these findings.
49. a concise summary
50. Shine the torch on the lock while I try to get the key in.
51. The discovery of new evidence sealed his fate.
52. Troops have sealed the borders between the countries.
53. The argument is full of fundamental flaws.
